Captions made possible by
HOME BOX OFFICE
A Division of TIME WARNER
ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, LP.
Trash,
as in trailer trash...
THEY'RE 20 MINUTES LATE
WITH MY VIOXX AGAIN.
Trash ?
Why not ?
That's what you are.
RAMONA ?
I'M IN SUCH PAIN.
UGH, I'M IN SUCH AGONY.
I WISH THE GOOD LORD
WOULD TAKE ME SOON.
RAMONA !
SO, HOW ARE THINGS AT HOME
WITH YOU AND RICO ?
HE'S STILL
ACTING CRAZY ?
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT'S UP WITH HIM,
BUT HE DEFINITELY
HAS A BUG UP HIS ASS.
MID-LIFE CRISIS.
HE'S TOO YOUNG
FOR THAT.
OH, HONEY, MEN START
HAVING THEIR MID-LIFE CRISIS
IN THEIR EARLY 20$,
AND THEY
KEEP ON HAVING THEM
EVERY THREE TO FIVE YEARS
AFI'ER THAT.
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO EAT
MORE THAN THIS, MRS. KIPPLEMAN.
OH, SHIT.
NOW WHAT ?
VANESSA,
SHE'S GOT NO PULSE.
OH, SHIT.
SHE'S A FULL COLD ?
I DON'T KNOW.
C'MON, EDITH,
C'MON.
A WORLD-CLASS
COMPLAINER LIKE YOU
ISN'T GONNA
GIVE UP THAT EASY.
HOW ABOUT THESE ?
THE GREEN PANTS.
ACTUALLY,
THESE ARE OLIVE.
I CAN GET MYSELF DRESSED,
YOU KNOW ?
I'M JUST TRYING
TO HELP.
DID I ASK
FOR YOUR HELP ?
NO.
THEN WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING IN MY ROOM ?
HEY !
YOU DON'T TALK
TO DAVID THAT WAY.
YOU'D BETTER START SHOWING
SOME RESPECT AROUND HERE.
OR WHAT, YOU'RE GONNA
PUT ME IN JAIL ?
WHAT DID YOU SAY ?
LET HER GO.
WE'VE GOT TO START SE'I'I'ING SOME
SERIOUS BOUNDARIES WITH HER.
LOOK AT ALL THE SHIT SHE'S HAD
TO DEAL WITH IN HER LIFE,
NOT TO MENTION
THE PAST COUPLE OF MONTHS.
SHE'S NINE.
I KNOW
HOW OLD SHE IS.
I'M JUST SAYING--
YOU WANT TO PICK A FIGHT
WITH ME THIS MORNING ?
NO, DO YOU REALLY WANT TO PICK
A FIGHT WITH A NINE-YEAR-OLD
ABOUT HER A'I'I'ITUDE ?
THIS MORNING I DO.
WELL, TOO FUCKING BAD.
I KNOW YOU'RE NERVOUS ABOUT
YOUR OLD MAN COMING TO VISIT,
BUT I DON'T HAVE TO LET YOU
TAKE IT OUT ON TAYLOR,
ORME!
IT'S HALF PAST NINE.
SO?
LET ME SLEEP LATE.
IT'S THE LAST ENJOYMENT
I'LL KNOW
BEFORE I BECOME
ANOTHER COG IN THE WHEEL,
MAKING MOCHA LATI'ES
FOR THE PEOPLE WHO HAVE A LIFE.
DON'T YOU THINK THAT'S
A LITTLE DRAMATIC ?
NOT REALLY.
CAN I MAKE YOU
SOMETHING TO EAT ?
NO, THANKS.
YOU NEVER EAT
A DECENT BREAKFAST ANYMORE.
THIS IS A GLASS OF ORANGE JUICE,
THIS IS AN APPLE.
THAT'S TWO OF
MY DAILY SERVINGS OF FRUIT
RECOMMENDED BY
THE U.S.D.A.
CLAIRE,
ARE YOU DEPRESSED ?
I'M NOT EVEN GONNA
ANSWER THAT QUESTION.
WELL, WHATEVER
YOU'RE GOING THROUGH,
I HOPE YOU DON'T
BLAME ME !
( door slamming )
( door opening )
HEY, I WAS JUST
CALLING YOU.
WHAT, YOU CAN BE
LATE ALL YOU WANT,
BUT I'M NOT
ALLOWED TO BE ?
WHOA, CALM DOWN.
WHY ?
I'M PISSED OFF.
I GET PISSED OFF SOMETIMES,
I HAVE A RIGHT TO EXPRESS IT.
WELL, EXPRESS IT
TO SOMEBODY ELSE,
BECAUSE I GO'I'I'A RUN.
BRENDA AND I ARE HAVING
A MEETING WITH RABBI ARI.
YOU'RE THINKING
OF CONVERTING ?
AH, MAYBE.
WHAT ?
I'M ALREADY CIRCUMCISED.
ANYTHING I NEED
TO BE AWARE OF HERE ?
YES, I DID A PICKUP
THIS MORNING AT BAY BREEZE.
ANOTHER REFERRAL
FROM VAN ESSA.
GREAT, ANOTHER CHANCE
FOR RICO TO ACT LIKE
WE OWE OUR ENTIRE
LIVELIHOOD TO HIM.
( male )
HELLO, MR. FISHER ?
DAVE, YOU GOTTA
LIGHTEN UP, MAN.
CAN I HELP YOU ?
ARE YOU
NATHANIEL FISHER ?
NO, HE'S DECEASED--
WAIT A MINUTE,
THAT'S ME.
I'M NATHANIEL FISHER,
JUNIOR.
CONSIDER YOURSELF
SERVED.
( door opening
and closing )
OH, SHIT.
WHO WAS THAT ?
YOU REMEMBER
MRS. COLLINS ?
THAT WAITRESS WHO GOT LOCKED IN
THE WALK-IN OVERNIGHT ?
NO, THE WIFE OF THE GUY
WHO FELL OFF THE BOAT
GOT SLICED UP
BY THE PROPELLER ?
OH, YEAH,
THE BARGAIN HUNTER.
SHE WANTED
TO SEE THE BODY.
YOU DIDN'T.
SHE MADE ME.
NATE--
AND NOW SHE'S SUING US
FOR EMOTIONAL DISTRESS.
TO THE TUNE OF
HALF A MILLION DOLLARS.
FUCK !
THERE'S AN ASHTRAY
OVER THERE SOMEWHERE.
YOU SHOULD REALLY CLEAN
THIS CAR OUT SOMETIME, YOU KNOW.
WHAT THE FUCK
IS THIS ?
OH, IT'S SOME CREEPY THING
MY AUNT SARAH SENT ME
FOR MY BIRTHDAY.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED,
'CAUSE USUALLY SHE HAS
PRETTY GOOD TASTE.
IT'S FILLED WITH SOME NASTY
CHINESE HOLISTIC HERB-SHIT.
NEWS FLASH,
THESE AREN'T CHINESE HERBS.
THEY'RE NOT ?
THESE ARE 'SHROOMS.
MY AUNT SENT ME
MUSHROOMS ?
WHATEVER YOU THOUGHT
YOU WERE DOING TOMORROW,
PLAN ON
BLOWING IT OFF.
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH TODAY ?
I HAVE A DATE
WITH MR. SCHUSSLER.
MR. SCHUSSLER,
THE VOCATIONAL ARTS TEACHER ?
YEAH.
AND YOU CAN'T FUCK FOR SHIT
WHEN YOU'RE ON 'SHROOMS.
MARRIAGE IS
A PROFOUND EXPERIENCE,
THAT CAN DEEPLY
ENRICH YOUR LIFE,
AND EVEN BRING YOU
CLOSER TO GOD.
BUT OUR CULTURE HAS MANY
MISCONCEPTIONS ABOUT IT,
LIKE, MARRIAGE
WILL CURE LONELINESS.
OR THAT MOST OF OUR
SATISFACT IONS IN LIFE
SHOULD COME FROM
OUR PARTNER,
OR THAT GOOD SEX
MEANS GOOD MARRIAGE.
THE TRUTH IS THAT MARRIAGE IS
DIFFERENT FOR DIFFERENT PEOPLE.
SO, IN THIS AND
OUR NEXT FIVE SESSIONS,
WE'LL TALK ABOUT
WHAT MARRIAGE MEANS TO YOU.
I'M CURIOUS,
HAVE YOU EVER
BEEN MARRIED ?
NO, I HAVEN'T.
OH.
BUT I HAVE COUNSELED
MANY COUPLES IN MY CONGREGATION,
BOTH BEFORE, DURING,
AND AFTER MARRIAGE,
AND THE ONE THING
I CAN SAY WITHOUT HESITATION
IS THAT YOU CANNOT HAVE
A GOOD MARRIAGE WITHOUT HONESTY.
WELL, YEAH.
THAT KIND OF GOES
WITHOUT SAYING, DOESN'T IT ?
( organs playing )
ARE YOU COMPLETELY HONEST
WITH EACH OTHER ?
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO ANSWER THAT RIGHT NOW.
IT'S JUST SOMETHING
TO THINK ABOUT FOR NEXT WEEK.
WOULD YOU LIKE
SOME CUCUMBER SALAD ?
NO, THANK YOU.
I MADE
MORE THAN ENOUGH.
I READING PAPER.
FINE.
NIKOLAI...
YURI.
( speaking Russian )
TAKE IT, GO AHEAD
TAKE IT !
I'LL BE BACK,
LIKE TERMINATOR, NO ?
( door slamming )
WHAT IS HE ?
DID HE THREATEN YOU ?
MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS,
WOMAN !
OKAY, CAN I JUST SAY THAT
I THINK THAT TOTAL HONESTY
IS NOT ALWAYS
THE BEST THING.
YOU KNOW,
WHAT ABOUT PRIVACY ?
WHAT ABOUT TRYING TO MAINTAIN
THE MYSTERY OF A RELATIONSHIP ?
AND SOMETIMES, SOMETIMES
TRUTH IS IRRELEVANT.
BRENDA,
I DID SOMETHING STUPID.
I'M LISTENING.
THE TRIP TO SEATTLE,
MY FRIEND LISA ?
I SLEPT WITH HER,
SHE'S PREGNANT.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW HOW TO RESPOND
TO SOMETHING LIKE THIS.
WELL, WHAT DO YOU FEEL ?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I FEEL,
I DON'T FEEL ANYTHING.
I FEEL NUMB.
WHEN WERE YOU
PLANNING ON TELLING ME ?
I'M TELLING YOU NOW.
WHAT DO YOU EXPECT ME
TO DO WITH THIS INFORMATION ?
I DON'T--
I MEAN, CHRIST, NATE !
THIS WHOLE WEDDING THING
SCARES THE SHIT OUT OF ME,
BUT I'VE BEEN TRYING
TO MAKE MYSELF BELIEVE
THAT WE COULD ACTUALLY...
AH.
( door closing )
ALMOST DONE.
OKAY.
OKAY, THEN.
HOW BAD IS IT ?
YOUR BROTHER
SHOWED HER THE BODY ?
YES.
IT WAS IN PRETTY
BAD SHAPE, HUH ?
YES.
HERE'S WHAT I THINK.
I THINK SHE'S GOT
A PRETTY AIR-TIGHT CASE.
I THINK THAT YOU GUYS
ARE MORE OR LESS FUCKED.
SHE MADE HIM
SHOW HER THE BODY.
AND I CAN CERTAINLY
ARGUE THAT POINT.
BUT, DAVID,
SHE WAS UNDER DURESS.
AND THIS WOMAN IS GOING
TO DESCRIBE IN GREAT DETAIL
EXACTLY WHAT SHE SAW
WHEN SHE IS UP ON THE STAND.
ON TOP OF THAT,
SHE'S HIRED HERSELF
A VERY AGGRESSIVE LAW FIRM
THAT NOBODY
LIKES TO MESS WITH.
SO, I THINK THAT
WE SHOULD TRY TO SETTLE.
HOW MUCH MONEY
DO YOU GUYS HAVE ?
HEY, SORRY I WAS LATE.
WHERE WERE YOU ?
I WAS WITH BRENDA,
I JUST LOST TRACK OF THE TIME,
WE'RE RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE
OF SOMETHING PRETTY INTENSE.
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
HOW MUCH TROUBLE WE ARE IN
BECAUSE OF
THIS LAWSUIT ?
LOOK, I HAVE THINGS
I GOTTA DEAL WITH RIGHT NOW.
YEAH, I HAVE A LIFE, TOO !
I HAVE A KID NOW !
BUT AT LEAST I TRY TO KEEP IT
SEPARATE FROM THE BUSINESS
THAT YOU SEEM SO HELLBENT
ON FLUSHING DOWN
THE FUCKING TOILET !
DAVID--
WE ARE FUCKED, NATE !
AND YOU FUCKED US.
I'M JUST AFRAID THAT
MY DAUGHTER'S SUFFERING
FROM DEPRESSION
AND I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I SHOULD DO.
WELL, MOST TEENAGERS
SUFFER FROM MILD DEPRESSION
AT ONE TIME
OR ANOTHER.
IS THAT TRUE ?
WELL, TRUE ENOUGH.
BUT I'M PRETTY FAMILIAR
WITH CLINICAL DEPRESSION,
AND I JUST DON'T SEE CLAIRE
SUFFERING FROM THAT.
YOU DON'T ?
LOOK, CLAIRE IS,
SHE'S THE KIND OF PERSON
THAT NEEDS HER LIFE
TO BE MEANINGFUL.
I'M SURE YOU KNOW THIS
BETTER THAN I DO.
NO, I DON'T FEEL
AS THOUGH I DO.
YOU'D BE SURPRISED.
SHE HAS NO IDEA
HOW EASY SHE'S HAD IT !
YOU WANT TO KNOW
WHAT YOU CAN DO
TO BE MORE SUPPORTIVE
OF CLAIRE RIGHT NOW ?
OF COURSE,
THAT'S WHY I'M HERE,
I THINK.
THIS IS A BROCHURE
FOR LAC-ARTS.
I THINK CLAIRE SHOULD
THINK ABOUT GOING THERE.
IT'S A GREAT SCHOOL FOR SOMEONE
WITH HER CREATIVITY.
YOU REALLY DON'T THINK
SHE'S DEPRESSED ?
I DON'T.
BUT CAN I SPEAK CANDIDLY ?
PLEASE.
I THINK IT'S POSSIBLE
THAT YOU MIGHT BE.
( answering machine beeping )
HEY, IT'S ME,
LEAVING ANOTHER GODDAMN MESSAGE
ON YOUR VOICE MAIL.
LISTEN, UH...
I REALLY NEED
TO TALK, I'M...
BILLY, GODDAMNIT,
I NEED YOU !
I REALLY NEED YOU.
GODDAMNIT,
WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU ?
( tv )
On the tennis courts
top-seated...
( door closing )
6-love, 6-3 winner
over Sweden.
MR. CHARLES, HEY.
IT'S GOOD
TO SEE YOU AGAIN.
YOU MET ME WHEN KEITH BROUGHT ME
DOWN TO SAN DIEGO LAST...
WELL, IT'S BEEN
OVER A YEAR AGO--
I KNOW WHO YOU ARE.
DAVID !
HEY, LUCILLE,
I'M SORRY I'M SO LATE.
GUESS I MISSED
DINNER, HUH ?
I LEFT YOU A PLATE
IN THE MICROWAVE.
THANK YOU.
( door opening )
HEY, YOU'RE HOME.
I'M SORRY I'M SO LATE,
DID YOU GET MY--
WHERE'S TAYLOR ?
BRUSHING HER TEETH.
DID SHE FLOSS FIRST ?
YES, I WATCHED HER.
LISTEN, I PUT
FRESH LINENS ON.
EXTRA BLANKETS
IN THE HALL CLOSET.
KEITH, YOUR MOTHER AND I WOULD
LIKE TO HAVE A WORD WITH YOU.
CAN'T IT WAIT
UNTIL MORNING ?
NO, I DON'T
THINK IT CAN.
I CAN LEAVE THE ROOM,
IF YOU'D LIKE.
I DON'T CARE IF YOU'RE HERE
FOR THIS OR NOT.
KEITH, WE'D LIKE
TO TAKE TAYLOR HOME WITH US
WHEN WE GO BACK
TO SAN DIEGO.
WHAT, FOR A VISIT ?
NO, TO LIVE.
WHY ?
THIS ISN'T ANY
OF YOUR CONCERN, SIR.
I'M SORRY,
BUT I THINK IT IS--
NO, DAVID,
LET'S HEAR HIM OUT.
WELL, FOR ONE,
WE HAVE A YARD BIG ENOUGH
FOR HER TO PLAY IN.
WE'LL BE ABLE TO SPEND
MORE TIME WITH HER.
AND WE'LL BE ABLE
TO OFFER HER MORE...
STABILITY.
IT'S WHAT'S BEST FOR THE CHILD
AND YOU KNOW IT.
FINE.
(female on tv)
I think the mirror on
the handle is the fat mirror.
( laughing )
Look.
( male on tv)
I think you're right.
( doorbell ringing )
ARI.
HI.
I'M SORRY TO JUST DROP IN
LIKE THIS SO LATE,
BUT I WAS IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD,
WELL, NEARBY,
SPEAKING TO SOMEBODY
WHO'S INTERESTED IN
ARRANGING A FUNERAL.
HIS OWN, ACTUALLY,
WHAT DO YOU CALL THAT ?
A PRE-NEED.
RIGHT.
SO, I WAS WONDERING IF YOU
WOULD BE WILLING TO HELP HIM ?
YEAH, SURE, JUST GIVE ME
HIS NAME AND NUMBER,
I'LL CALL HIM
FIRST THING TOMORROW.
OKAY.
ARE YOU ALRIGHT ?
YEAH, I'M GREAT.
OKAY, THAT'S BULLSHIT.
I'M COMING IN AND YOU'RE GONNA
OFFER ME SOMETHING TO DRINK.
WOW.
THAT IS A LOT
FOR HER TO ABSORB.
WELL, SHE ALREADY
KNEW ABOUT THE AVM.
BUT I JUST TOLD HER
ABOUT THE BABY TODAY.
YOU SAID WE'D NEVER HAVE
A GOOD MARRIAGE WITHOUT HONESTY.
I DID SAY THAT,
DIDN'T I ?
YEP.
WHY DO YOU THINK
YOU HAVE SO MUCH TROUBLE
BEING HONEST
WITH BRENDA ?
I DON'T THINK
IT'S PARTICULAR TO BRENDA.
WELL, WITH WOMEN, THEN.
I DON'T HAVE ANY TROUBLE
BEING HONEST WITH YOU.
I'M A RABBI, NATE.
YOU DON'T LOOK
LIKE A RABBI.
I AM A RABBI.
UNAVAILABLE TO YOU,
NOT EVEN IN YOUR WILDEST DREAMS.
THAT'S WHY YOU DON'T HAVE
TROUBLE BEING HONEST WITH ME.
THERE'S NOTHING
AT STAKE.
HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT
BECOMING A FATHER ?
I DON'T KNOW
HOW I FEEL ABOUT IT.
I CERTAINLY NEVER IMAGINED
IT WOULD HAPPEN LIKE THIS.
ALL OF OUR ACTIONS
HAVE CONSEQUENCES.
WE MAY NOT EVEN
BE AWARE OF THEM,
BUT THEY EXIST
N EVERTH ELESS.
YOU SHOULD CONSIDER IT
A BLESSING.
WHAT IF YOU
HAD NEVER KNOWN ?
SORRY.
JUST GIVE HER
SOME TIME, NATE.
TIME, RIGHT.
WOW, WE GOT ANOTHER ONE
FROM BAY BREEZE.
THAT'S LIKE
THE FOURTH ONE THIS YEAR.
YES, FEDERICO.
I'M AWARE OF HOW MANY REFERRALS
YOUR WIFE SENDS OUR WAY.
JUST MAKING SURE YOU KNOW WHERE
THE BUSINESS IS COMING FROM.
SOMETHING FUNNY
ABOUT THIS ONE, DAVID.
FUNNY HOW ?
THE DEATH CERTIFICATE
SAYS THE CAUSE OF DEATH
WAS CONGESTIVE HEART FAILURE.
SO, OLD PEOPLE HAVE THEIR HEART
QUIT ON THEM ALL THE TIME.
YEAH, BUT SHE'S GOT THESE
CONTUSIONS AROUND HER NECK.
OLD PEOPLE
BRUISE EASILY.
THOSE PROBABLY HAPPENED
WHILE THEY WERE TRYING
TO RESUSCITATE HER.
YEAH, MAYBE.
OH, WHAT THE FUCK ?
A HOT DOG ?
NOW, YOU TELL ME,
I DON'T THINK SOMETHING THIS BIG
JUST HAPPENED TO GO
DOWN THE WRONG WAY.
IS IT OKAY IF PARKER SPENDS
THE NIGHT AT OUR HOUSE TONIGHT ?
OF COURSE.
WOULD YOU LIKE ME TO PICK YOU UP
A FROZEN PIZZA AND SOME VIDEOS ?
UM, NO,
I THINK WE'RE GOOD.
ARE YOU DOING SOMETHING
WITH NIKOLAI TONIGHT ?
I THINK HE'S LOSING
INTEREST IN ME.
HE'S BEEN SPENDING
A LOT OF TIME ALONE LATELY.
MOM, HE WAS LIVING HERE
WITH PLASTIC CASTS ON BOTH LEGS
AND PEEING IN A BEDPAN FOR WHAT,
LIKE, SIX WEEKS ?
WHAT'S THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN ?
JUST GIVE HIM
SOME SPACE.
GUYS NEED
A LOT OF SPACE.
HE DOESN'T KNOW HOW
TO TAKE CARE OF HIMSELF
AND HE NEEDS MY HELP!
IF YOU SAY SO.
I'M A LITTLE CONFUSED
ABOUT THIS TERM, "PRE-NEED".
IT'S A PAYMENT STRUCTURE
THAT ALLOWS YOU TO--
MAKE THE PURCHASE
BEFORE YOU NEED IT.
I GET THAT.
I MAY BE DYING,
I'M NOT AN IDIOT.
MY QUESTION IS WITH
THE CHOICE OF THE WORD "NEED".
I MEAN, WHO REALLY
NEEDS A FUNERAL ANYWAY ?
IF YOU'RE DEAD,
YOU DON'T NEED SHIT.
WELL, YES,
THE FUNERAL IS REALLY
FOR THE PEOPLE
YOU LEAVE BEHIND.
TO HELP THEM
COME TO TERMS--
WHAT IF YOU'RE NOT
LEAVING ANYBODY BEHIND ?
WHAT IF YOUR
WHOLE FUCKING LIFE
HAS BEEN ONE BIG WASTE OF TIME
FOR EVERYBODY,
INCLUDING YOURSELF ?
YOU DON'T KNOW THAT.
HEY, I'M ALL FOR
THINNING OUT THE HUMAN RACE.
THERE ARE JUST
TOO MANY FUCKING PEOPLE.
ANTHRAX, SMALLPOX,
I SAY BRING IT ON.
YOU'D PROBABLY
LIKE THAT, HUH ?
GOOD FOR BUSINESS.
MAYBE I SHOULD JUST
LEAVE THIS INFORMATION WITH YOU
AND I'LL COME BACK LATER.
SORRY IF
I'M BEING ANTISOCIAL.
SIT DOWN.
THE GOOD RABBI
WENT THROUGH ALL THE TROUBLE
OF SETTING THIS UP.
BESIDES, I MAY NOT
BE HERE TOMORROW.
YOU MIND IF I ASK--
WHAT I HAVE ?
PANCREATIC CANCER.
I'M SORRY.
IT'S ONE OF
THE WORST ONES YOU CAN GET.
I DID NOT KNOW THAT.
YEAH.
I SHOULD BE
DEAD ALREADY.
SO, THIS...
THIS IS JUST
GRAW TIME.
IT'S EXTRA FROSTING
ON THE CAKE.
MOST PEOPLE LAST UP
TO MAYBE SIX MONTHS TOPS.
ME, I'VE BEEN HANGING IN HERE
FOR OVER A YEAR.
CAN YOU FUCKING
BELIEVE IT ?
I'LL BET YOU NEVER MET ANYBODY
HALF AS LUCKY AS I AM.
AND YOU PULLED THIS,
RELATIVELY INTACT,
OUT OF THE DECEASED'S
AIRWAY ?
THAT'S CORRECT.
WHAT MADE YOU DECIDE
TO LOOK IN HER THROAT ?
WELL, I WOULD'VE
GONE IN THERE ANYWAY,
TO SWAB HER OUT BEFORE
I STARTED EMBALMING HER,
BUT I HAD
MY SUSPICIONS.
WHAT MADE YOU
SUSPICIOUS ?
THE CONTUSIONS
AROUND HER NECK.
YOU KNOW, THESE CONTUSIONS
COULD'VE BEEN MADE
WHEN THEY TRIED
TO RESUSCITATE HER.
THEY COULD HAVE.
BUT IF THAT WERE THE CASE
AND THEY TRIED TO RESUSCITATE,
WHY DIDN'T THEY FIND
THE FRANKFURTER
STUCK IN HER AIRWAY ?
IT WAS STUCK
PRETTY FAR DOWN.
SOME OF THESE NURSING HOMES
AREN'T EXACTLY UP TO SPEED
ON THEIR
CPR TRAINING.
SHE WAS BROUGHT OVER FROM
THE BAY BREEZE NURSING HOME
IN SHERMAN OAKS ?
THAT'S CORRECT.
AND WHO TRIED
TO RESUSCITATE HER ?
I THINK I GOT THAT.
HERE, IT SAYS
DOLORES WILLITS...
AN D VAN ESSA,
DIAL--
DIAZ.
VAN ESSA DIAZ,
SHE IS MY WIFE.
WHERE IS NIKOLAI ?
HE'S OUT
ON A DELIVERY.
WELL, TELL HIM I STOPPED BY
AND I COME BACK LATER.
HOW MUCH MONEY
DOES NIKOLAI OWE YOU ?
EXCUSE ME ?
HOW MUCH MONEY
DOES NIKOLAI OWE YOU ?
WHO ARE YOU ?
I'M HIS FRIEND.
HIS LADY FRIEND.
THAT'S RIGHT.
IT IS NONE
OF YOUR CONCERN.
TELL ME HOW MUCH HE OWES YOU
AND I'LL PAY YOU THE MONEY.
YOU WILL PAY ME
THE MONEY ?
TELL ME
HOW MUCH IT IS.
$87,000.
OH, MY.
I HAD NO IDEA
IT WAS THAT MUCH.
YOU DON'T HAVE THAT
KIND OF MONEY, DO YOU ?
AS A MATTER OF FACT,
I DO.
YOU WOULD DO THIS
FOR NIKOLAI ?
PLEASE,
I'M TRYING TO COUNT.
NIKOLAI'S
A LUCKY MAN.
WHAT IS YOUR NAME ?
RUTH.
RUTH FISHER.
I WOULD'VE TAKEN A CHECK,
( door closing )
( music playing )
OH, NO, NO,
NO, NO
NO, NO, NO...
WHOA,
NO, NO, NO
OH, BABY
I JUST SAW THE DEVIL
AND HE'S SMILING AT ME
I HEARD IN MY BONES
CRY DEVIL
WHY'S IT GOT TO BE
WELL, WHO'S THIS
PRETTY LITTLE GIRL
WHO WANTS TO
JOIN THE PARTY ?
ISN'T IT WAY PAST
YOUR BEDTIME, HONEY ?
( Margaret)
BRENDA, HONEY,
MOMMY AND DADDY HAVE COMPANY,
AND YOU NEED TO GO BACK
UP TO BED RIGHT THIS MINUTE !
( Bernard )
MARGARET, YOU'RE STIGMATIZING
THE SITUATION FOR HER.
( Margaret)
NO, I'M NOT BERN.
WHOA
KEITH, YOU CANNOT
LET THEM TAKE MY BABY.
KARLA, THEY'RE ONLY
AS FAR AWAY AS SAN DIEGO.
I THINK IT'S
FOR THE BEST.
THERE AIN'T NO FUCKING WAY
IT'S FOR THE BEST !
ARE YOU CRAZY ?
DADDY DIDN'T EVEN
NEED AN EXCUSE
TO SMACK THE SHIT
OUT OF ME OR YOU !
AND LOOK WHAT
THAT DID TO US.
LOOK WHAT THAT
DID TO YOU.
I DON'T WANT TAYLOR
GROWING UP WITH THAT SHIT !
BUT YOU DON'T MIND HER
GROWING UP WITH A MOTHER
WHO'S A DRUG ADDICT ?
I MIGHT BE A DRUG ADDICT,
BUT I NEVER HURT MY CHILD.
THAT'S THE WAY PEOPLE
RAISED THEIR KIDS BACK THEN.
I'M SICK AND TIRED OF YOU
BLAMING EVERYTHING THAT'S
GONE WRONG IN YOUR LIFE ON DAD.
PLEASE.
YOU KNOW HOW
THE SLIGHTEST LITTLE THING
WOULD JUST SET HIM OFF.
I THINK HE'S CHANGED.
PEOPLE CAN CHANGE.
PEOPLE DON'T CHANGE.
THEY JUST GET OLDER,
THAT'S ALL.
DAVID FISHER,
HOW THE HELL ARE YA ?!
JESUS.
CERTAINLY NOT IN ANY MOOD
TO DEAL WITH THE LIKES OF YOU.
OH, HONEY, YOU COULD STAND
TO WORK ON THOSE MANNERS.
HI, NATE.
I UNDERSTAND
YOU BOYS ARE BEING SUED.
YEAH, SO WHAT,
YOU'VE COME HERE TO GLOAT ?
I JUST WANTED YOU TO KNOW
THAT WE ARE PAYING
POOR MRS. COLLINS'
LEGAL FEES,
AND HONEY, WE'VE GOT
AWFULLY DEEP POCKETS.
Y'ALL, THIS THING IS GONNA
GO ON FOREVER AND IN THE END,
IT'S GONNA DRAG YOU BOYS DOWN,
I CAN GUARANTEE YOU THAT.
NOW, WE ARE STILL
WILLING TO BUY
THIS LITTLE MOM AND POP
SHOP OF YOURS
AT A DRASTICALLY REDUCED PRICE,
I'M AFRAID,
BUT I THINK THAT
IF YOU'RE SMART,
AND I'M BETTING
THAT YOU ARE,
YOU'LL GO ON AND GET OUT
WHILE THE GETTING'S
STILL HALFWAY GOOD.
I'M CURIOUS, MITZI.
WHAT DO YOU
GET OUT OF THIS ?
I LIKE TO WIN, HONEY.
THAT'S THE WAY
I WAS BROUGHT UP.
I HOPE YOU DON'T EXPECT ME
TO APOLOGIZE FOR IT,
'CAUSE I'M NOT
GONNA DO IT.
I DON'T EXPECT
ANYTHING FROM YOU.
BUT I DO WONDER,
AT THE END OF THE DAY,
WHEN YOU'RE ALONE,
STARING AT YOURSELF
IN THE BATHROOM MIRROR,
DO YOU REALLY LIKE WHO YOU SEE
LOOKING BACK AT YOU ?
I LOVE WHAT I SEE.
SEE, I JUST
DON'T BUY THAT.
'CAUSE IF YOU DID,
YOU WOULDN'T
BE DOING THIS.
YOU KNOW, IT'S A CRYING SHAME
SOMEONE AS CUTE AS YOU
HAS TO BE SUCH A GODDAMN
"DOOM-AND-GLOOMER".
WELL, YOU BOYS THINK IT OVER
AND LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU DECIDE.
PERSONALLY, I THINK
IT'S A NO-BRAINER,
BUT HEY, EVERYONE'S ENTITLED
TO THEIR OWN OPINION.
BUT I DON'T
HAVE THE MONEY.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
YOU DON'T HAVE THE MONEY ?
OF COURSE
YOU HAVE THE MONEY.
NO, I DON'T,
IT'S ALL GONE.
WHERE DID IT GO ?
THAT'S NONE
OF YOUR BUSINESS.
MOM.
WE NEED THAT MONEY IN ORDER
TO OFFER MRS. COLLINS
SOME KIND OF SETTLEMENT
OR WE'RE SERIOUSLY SCREWED.
THE ONLY TIME YOU TWO TELL ME
WHAT'S GOING ON IN YOUR LIVES
IS WHEN
YOU NEED MONEY !
IF YOU HAD TOLD ME
ABOUT THIS BEFORE,
( door slamming )
THE MONEY WOULD'VE BEEN THERE,
NOW IT'S GONE.
UM, YOU GUYS,
THIS IS MY FRIEND PARKER.
HI.
BYE.
WE'RE JUST GONNA
BE UPSTAIRS.
( giggling )
I GIVE UP.
THAT WAS WEIRD.
THAT WAS TOTALLY WEIRD.
ARE THEY ALWAYS
LIKE THAT ?
ALWAYS.
OH, MY GOD,
YOUR ROOM IS SO BEAUTIFUL !
WE SHOULD DO SOMETHING,
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO ?
UM...
I DON'T KNOW,
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO ?
WHAT DO YOU
FEEL LIKE DOING ?
I FEEL LIKE
THROWING UP.
ME, TOO.
IS IT NORMAL ?
TOTALLY, TOTALLY.
THESE 'SHROOMS
ARE FUCKING KICK-ASS !
HOLY SHIT, YOU HAVE
A SEWING MACHINE ?
YEAH, I FOUND IT
IN THE ATTIC,
IT BELONGED
TO MY DAD'S MOM.
LET'S MAKE SOMETHING !
DO YOU KNOW
HOW TO USE IT ?
YEAH !
OH, MY GOD,
IT'S SO FUCKING COOL.
OH, MY GOD.
PEOPLE USED TO HAVE TO MAKE
THEIR OWN CLOTHES ALL THE TIME,
PEOPLE USED TO HAVE
TO MAKE THEIR OWN SOAP,
CAN YOU BELIEVE THAT ?
PEOPLE USED TO HAVE TO LIKE,
KILL THEIR OWN COWS AND STUFF.
I REALLY WISH WE COULD'VE
BEEN ALIVE BACK THEN.
ME, TOO.
( phone ringing )
( Brenda on answering machine )
Hi, it's me.
I'm not here,
so, talk to the machine.
( beeping )
THANK YOU FOR SEEING ME,
MRS. COLLINS.
I JUST WANT TO APOLOGIZE,
FOR THE UNFORTUNATE INCIDENT
THAT BRINGS US TO THIS...
UNPLEASANT JUNCTURE.
MY BROTHER IS NEW
TO THIS BUSINESS.
HE DIDN'T KNOW
WHAT HE WAS DOING
WHEN HE SHOWED YOU
YOUR HUSBAND'S REMAINS.
THAT'S NOT MY PROBLEM,
IS IT ?
NO, OF COURSE NOT.
YOU WERE VULNERABLE
WHEN YOU ASKED HIM TO DO THIS
AND HE SHOULDN'T HAVE.
BUT NEVERTHELESS
YOU DID ASK HIM.
WHAT'S YOUR POINT ?
WHAT'S MY POINT ?
YEAH.
DO YOU EVEN HAVE ONE ?
YOU KNOW IT'S NOT MY FAULT
OR MY BROTHER'S FAULT
THAT YOU
ALLOWED YOUR HUSBAND
TO SMACK YOU AROUND
FOR ALL THOSE YEARS.
THAT'S YOUR PROBLEM.
YOU DON'T HAVE THE RIGHT
TO TALK ABOUT MY MARRIAGE.
YOU'RE THE ONE WHO CHOSE TO BE
A DOORMAT OR A PUNCHING BAG
OR WHATEVER METAPHOR
FOR VICTIMHOOD
YOU'RE COMFORTABLE WITH.
YOU'RE THE ONE WHO STAYED
IN AN ABUSIVE MARRIAGE
AND WASTED GOD KNOWS
HOW MANY YEARS OF YOUR LIFE.
YEARS THAT YOU'LL
NEVER GET BACK
AND THAT MAKES YOU FURIOUS,
DOESN'T IT ?
YOU'VE PROBABLY SPENT
YOUR ENTIRE MISERABLE LIFE
BLAMING OTHER PEOPLE FOR
ALL THE MISTAKES YOU'VE MADE.
AND NOW YOU WANT US
TO PAY FOR THAT ?
JESUS, LADY,
JUST HOW FUCKING LOW
ARE YOU WILLING TO SINK ?
THIS LAWSUIT OF YOURS IS GONNA
COST MY FAMILY OUR BUSINESS !
THAT'S MY POINT !
THERE !
ARE YOU HAPPY ?
NOW GET OUT !
GET THE FUCK OUT
OF MY HOUSE !
( music playing )
YO.
CAN YOU
SPARE A JOINT ?
I LOVE HALTER TOPS !
YOU LOOKIN'
AT MY TITS ?
I'M TALKIN' TO YOU.
YEAH, YOU.
YOU LOOKIN' AT
MY TITS ?
OH, MY GOD, I WISH
I COULD'VE LIVED
DURING THE RENAISSANCE.
THOSE ARE
SO FUCKING BEAUTIFUL.
I LOVE THOSE PANTS.
( bells ringing )
SO, WHEN YOU WALK,
IT MAKES MUSIC, RIGHT ?
IF WE LIVE OUR LIVES
THE RIGHT WAY,
THEN EVERY SINGLE THING WE DO
BECOMES A WORK OF ART.
EVEN LIKE
THE PANTS WE WEAR.
OR JUST LIKE THE WAY
WE MAKE OUR BED, YOU KNOW ?
WOW.
AND THAT'S THE WHOLE
FUCKING PROBLEM WITH
THE WORLD RIGHT NOW,
WE DON'T TRY TO BE CREATIVE
WITH EVERY SINGLE THING WE DO.
MARTHA STEWART DOES.
( Ruth knocking )
CLAIRE ?
I THOUGHT YOU MIGHT
BE GETTING HUNGRY,
SO, I MADE YOU GIRLS
SOME SANDWICHES.
WE ARE
SO NOT HUNGRY.
WE'LL EAT THEM LATER.
ALRIGHT THEN.
I'LL COME BACK LATER
TO GET THE TRAY.
MOM ?
YES, DEAR ?
HERE, I MADE
THESE PANTS FOR YOU.
THANK YOU, CLAIRE.
TH ESE ARE LOVELY.
I LOVE YOU, MOM.
I NEVER TELL YOU
HOW MUCH,
BECAUSE I'M AFRAID TO
FOR SOME REASON,
BUT RIGHT NOW I JUST
WANT YOU TO KNOW I LOVE YOU,
I THINK
YOU'RE SO BEAUTIFUL.
I LOVE YOU, TOO.
( breathing heavily)
YOU DON'T KNOW
MY DAD, DAVID.
HE'S LIKE A PIT BULL
WHEN HE GETS HIS JAW
LOCKED ON SOMETHING.
BELIEVE ME, I KNOW.
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE KEITH
WHO KNOWS HOW TO FIGHT
FOR SOMETHING
HE BELIEVES IN ?
WE BOTH BELIEVE IN ?
THIS ISN'T THAT SIMPLE.
ARE YOU TAKING HIS SIDE
BECAUSE LOOKING AFTER TAYLOR
IS TOO MUCH
OF A COMMITMENT ?
NO, I'M TAKING HIS SIDE BECAUSE
FOR ONCE I THINK HE'S RIGHT.
YOU KNOW
WHAT I THINK ?
I THINK YOU'RE NOT SURE
THAT TWO GAY MEN
SHOULD RAISE A CHILD.
THAT'S YOUR SHIT.
THEN WHY AREN'T
WE FIGHTING FOR HER ?
BECAUSE THEY HAVE MORE TIME
TO SPEND WITH HER.
OH, PLEASE.
YOUR FATHER PLAYS GOLF
ALL GODDAMN DAY,
AND YOUR MOTHER PLAYS
WITH HER FOR HALF-AN-HOUR TOPS,
THEN POPS IN A VIDEO
AND GETS ON THE PHONE.
LOOK, I AM NOT AMBIVALENT
ABOUT WANTING KIDS.
OH, THEN WHAT, YOU'RE AMBIVALENT
ABOUT WANTING KIDS WITH ME ?
OF COURSE NOT.
I JUST WANT
TO BE READY.
LIFE DOESN'T
WORK THAT WAY.
IT JUST DUMPS THINGS
IN YOUR LAP
AND THEN YOU TRY
AND MAKE THE BEST OF IT.
I'M TIRED OF
TALKING ABOUT THIS.
YOU KNOW WHAT
THIS IS REALLY ABOUT ?
YOU'RE AFRAID OF HIM.
FUCK YOU.
AS MUCH AS I HATE YOU
TREATING ME LIKE A DOORMAT,
IT'S EVEN WORSE SEEING
YOUR FATHER TREAT YOU LIKE ONE.
YOU THINK I TREAT YOU
LIKE A DOORMAT ?
SOMETIMES !
WHY DON'T YOU
STAND UP TO HIM ?
I DON'T THINK
I TREAT YOU LIKE A DOORMAT.
SOMETIMES YOU DO.
GO TO SLEEP !
WE BOTH HAVE TO
GET UP EARLY.
OKAY, YOU GUYS
NEED TO GO NOW.
OKAY, THEN.
UM...
CAN I HAVE
YOUR NUMBER ?
WHY, SO WE CAN DATE ?
LATE.
( door closing )
( door opening )
HEY, BABY.
HEY.
SO, HOW DID IT GO
WITH THE POLICE ?
HOW DO YOU THINK
IT WENT ?
THEY KEPT US THERE
ALL NIGHT.
THEY DIDN'T EVEN TALK TO US
UNTIL ABOUT AN HOUR AGO.
AT LEAST
THEY DIDN'T ARREST YOU.
DO YOU REALLY THINK
I COULD SHOVE A HOT DOG
DOWN SOME
OLD LADY'S THROAT ?
NO, OH, C'MON,
OF COURSE NOT,
BUT YOU COULD'VE
NOTICED IT WAS THERE.
YOU KNOW WHO
THEY THINK DID IT ?
THE ROOM MATE,
RAMONA KIPPLEMAN.
BUT THAT OLD BITCH
IS SMART,
SHE'S NOT SAYING
ANYTHING TO THEM.
SO, THAT'S THAT ?
YEAH, EXCEPT NOW THANKS TO YOU,
I'M OUT OF A JOB.
WHAT ?
THEY FIRED DOLORES AND ME
FOR NEGLIGENCE.
THEY HAD TO
HANG IT ON SOMEBODY.
WHAT WAS I
SUPPOSED TO DO,
HIDE A MURDER SO YOU KEEP
SOME SHITTY JOB ?
OF COURSE NOT, RICO.
BUT NOW
I HAVE TO GO OUT
AND I HAVE TO FIND
ANOTHER SHITTY JOB.
YOU GOT JULIO
OFF TO SCHOOL ?
YEAH.
AND WHERE'S AUGUSTO ?
HE'S TAKING A NAP.
I'M GONNA TRY
AND GET SOME SLEEP
BEFORE HE WAKES UP.
( bells ringing )
WHERE'S YOUR FRIEND
PARKER ?
OH, MY GOD,
THOSE ARE SO HIDEOUS.
THEY'RE NOT HIDEOUS
IN THE LEAST.
I LIKE THEM
AND DO YOU WANT TO KNOW WHY ?
BECAUSE MY DAUGHTER
WHOM I LOVE VERY MUCH
MADE THEM FOR ME.
LOOK, THAT WASN'T ME,
IT WAS SOMEBODY ELSE.
I MAY JUST WEAR THESE PANTS
UNTIL THE DAY I DIE !
PLEASE, DON'T.
OH, GOD.
WHAT MADE ME EVER THINK
I COULD BE AN ARTIST ?
HERE, THIS IS
FOR YOU.
I DON'T KNOW
WHY I BOTHER.
I THINK YOU HAVE
REAL TALENT, CLAIRE.
BUT GO AHEAD
AND TH ROW IT AWAY,
IF THAT'S WHAT
YOU'RE SET ON DOING.
TAYLOR, WOULD YOU
GO TO YOUR ROOM ?
I NEED TO SPEAK
TO YOUR GRANDPARENTS.
YEAH, SURE.
DAVID AND I
TALKED IT OVER,
AND WE'VE DECIDED THAT
TAYLOR'S GONNA STAY WITH US
FOR THE TIME BEING.
AT LEAST UNTIL
THE SCHOOL YEAR'S UP.
THE HELL YOU SAY.
( Lucille )
KEITH--
STAY OUT
OF THIS, MOM.
THE CHILD
IS COMING HOME
WITH ME
AND YOUR MOTHER !
TAYLOR'S STAYING HERE
WITH ME AND DAVID
AND THAT'S FINAL.
YOU--
DO IT.
I DARE YOU.
( utensils clanking )
( door slamming )
I WAS HANDLING
SITUATION.
YOU STUPID WOMAN !
YOU HAVE NO RIGHT
TO TALK TO ME THIS WAY !
YOU HAVE NO RIGHT !
CHRIST,
ALMIGHTY !
( speaking Russian )
( door slamming )
ALRIGHT,
WHAT'S GOING ON ?
NIKOLAI OWED SOMEONE SOME MONEY
AND I PAID THEM BACK.
WHAT ?
YOU CAN'T BE TRYING TO FIX
OTHER PEOPLE'S PROBLEMS
WITHOUT THEM ASKING,
CU PCAKE.
YOU'RE TOO "CO-EY",
THAT'S YOUR PROBLEM.
"CO-EY" ?
CO-DEPENDENT.
I KNOW
WHAT IT MEANS.
AND YOU KNOW SOMETHING,
ROBBIE,
I HATE THAT WORD.
THAT WORD IS TOTALLY
INAPPROPRIATE HERE.
I'M A MOTHER,
I HAVE A FAMILY.
AND FAMILY MEMBERS
DEPEND ON ONE ANOTHER.
YOU CAN'T BE INTIMATELY
INVOLVED WITH SOMEONE
AND NOT BE
DEPENDENT ON THEM.
I WASN'T AWARE THAT NIKOLAI
WAS A MEMBER OF YOUR FAMILY.
I FEEL SO BAD ABOUT
TREATING MY MOTHER
LIKE SHIT
ALL THE TIME.
WHAT MAKES YOU THINK
YOU TREAT HER LIKE SHIT ?
I MADE HER THESE PANTS,
THESE LIKE HARLEQUIN PANTS
WITH BELLS ON THEM.
OH. MY GOD,
THEY'RE SO QUEER,
SHE MEANS WELL.
SHE'S JUST SO CLUELESS
AND, LIKE...
I DON'T KNOW,
EMBARRASSING.
EVERYONE'S EMBARRASSED
BY THEIR PARENTS.
WHERE'S THE PICTURE OF YOU
AND WHAT'S-HER-NAME ?
JENNY ?
UH, WE BROKE UP.
OH.
YOU GUYS
LOOKED SO HAPPY.
I MEAN, IN THE PHOTO,
SHE ALWAYS LOOKED REALLY HAPPY,
I JUST ASSUMED
YOU WERE, LIKE...
IN IT FOR KEEPS.
YEAH, WELL,
WE WEREN'T.
WHAT TIME IS IT ?
AH, WE STILL HAVE
ABOUT 10 MINUTES.
IS THERE ANYTHING THAT
YOU'D LIKE TO TALK ABOUT ?
NO.
IS THERE SOMETHING
YOU WANT ME TO TALK ABOUT ?
NO.
NO, NOT REALLY.
WELL, I'VE GOT
SOME PSYCH HOMEWORK
I COULD BE DOING.
SO, SEE YA.
WOULD YOU LIKE ME
TO MAKE YOU SOMETHING TO EAT ?
NO, THANKS.
HAVE YOU MADE ANY
DEFINITE PLANS
FOR THE WEDDING ?
WELL, TO BE HONEST,
THERE MIGHT NOT BE A WEDDING.
REALLY AND TRULY ?
REALLY AND TRULY.
WHAT DID SHE DO ?
IT'S NOT SOMETHING BRENDA DID,
IT'S SOMETHING I DID.
WELL, MAYBE
IT'S FOR THE BEST.
OR MAYBE IT'S NOT
FOR THE BEST.
MAYBE IT JUST IS.
AND NOW I JUST
HAVE TO LIVE WITH IT.
ARE YOU SURE
YOU WOULDN'T LIKE ME
TO MAKE YOU
SOMETHING TO EAT ?
A GRILLED CHEESE
SANDWICH ?
( doorbell ringing )
HEY.
I TRIED
CALLING YOU.
PEOPLE MAKE
MISTAKES, NATE.
THEY DON'T ALWAYS KNOW
WHY THEY DO THE THINGS THEY DO.
YOU DON'T LOVE THIS
LISA CHICK, DO YOU ?
NO.
GOOD.
'CAUSE
I STILL LOVE YOU.
AND I CAN'T LOSE YOU.
I CAN'T.
I NEED YOU, NATE.
AS FUCKED UP
AS YOU ARE,
YOU ARE THE SANEST THING
IN MY LIFE.
LET'S WORK THIS OUT
TOGETHER, OKAY ?
OKAY.
I LOVE YOU.
Captions Copyright 2002
HOME BOX OFFICE
A Division of TIME WARNER
ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, LP.
Captioned by
HBO COMMUNICATIONS CENTER